Netrunning Terms

    Ability: A function built into a Cyberdeck any Netrunner can use without a Program.
    Attackers: Software that can deal damage and cause other effects to ICE, other programs, or personnel.
    Black ICE: Mostly refers to anti-personnel ICE, often capable of killing the intruding hacker, such as Hellhound, Firestarter, or Soulkiller. However, also refers to anti-program ICE.
    Bodyweight Suit: A suit designed for Netrunners with built-in armor, Cyberdeck, and capable storage, and sometimes life support functions.
    Boosters: Software that improves a person's abilities in cyberspace.
    BBS: Acronym for Bulletin Board System. A place where Netrunners can exchange information without having to fear being watched.
    Control Node: A location in virtual space with allows for the control of a real world device.
    Cyberdeck: A computer that converts brainwaves into electrical impulses and vice versa. Without it, there's no Netrunning.
    Defenders: Software that stops or reduces attacks from programs or other Netrunners.
    Demon or Daemon: Black ICE intelligent systems, which operate Control Nodes to defend their NET Architecture or a physical space by targeting a Netrunner in Meatspace.
    Deep Dive: Connect into the Net via a Deep Dive Port/Personal Port.
    Dweller: Alternative term for a Netrunner.
    Elevator: Cyberspace object allowing travel between floors.
    Floor: Cyberspace area containing one program or virtual object.
    ICE: Acronym for "Intrusion Countermeasures Electronics", security programs designed to protect data and prevent intrusion by hackers.
    Interface Plug: Cyberware that allows one to plug their brain into a machine.
    Meat Action: Derogatory term used to refer to actions made in the physical world.
    Meatspace: A term commonly used by Netrunners to refer to the physical world.
    The NET or The 'Net: Cyberspace. Prior to the Fourth Corporate War, space and global travel was possible inside the NET. By the Time of the Red, Netrunners now have to travel to specific NET Architectures and Jack In directly.
    NET Action: Action taken inside the virtual world of cyberspace.
    Program: Software able to be slotted into a Cyberdeck to enhance functionality. Divided into Boosters, Attackers, and Defenders.
    R.A.B.I.D.S.: A particularly deadly form of Black ICE spread throughout the Old NET after the death of their creator, Netrunning legend Rache Bartmoss.
    REZ: Hit Points of Programs and Black ICE.
    Shell Trader: A nomadic buyer and seller of illegal programs, usually based in the Netspace version of Hawaii.
    Slot: A chunk of memory in a Cyberdeck allocated to a program. Better Cyberdecks have more slots.
    Virtuality Goggles: Goggles that overlay the cyberspace landscape onto one's field of vision.
